what was the most difficult part of my training? So I as a chief engineer,
I chose the engineering halfway for my career. One of things about
that is it's very much hands on and you have to learn the hands
on. You have to see. I had to see it way had to do a lot of cutaways
off the gas turbine engines to see what the airflow waas is and how
you could generate the power to the gas turbine and how it goes from
the gas turbine engine room all the way through the whole year, all
way out to the propeller that moves the ship that you go from standing
still to 32 knots at flank speed 32 knots in about 40 miles an
hour. You could do that in under a minute. With a gas turbine ship.
You've got to keep all that information in your head and how to do that.
The same thing could be applied through cyber attacks for the operations
officer for the cryptologist. How do you maintain you've got
to go ahead